well yes as you can see in the title
today I'm going to talk to you about the famous
documentary that is causing so much
talk all over the world called living
neverland where it talks about the alleged
sexual abuse committed by the famous
king of pop Michael Jackson and in this
documentary we have two children well
now 35 or 36 years old who tell us
how for seven years of their lives
they had sexual relations with Michael
Jackson they talk to us about
sexual relations it's very graphic okay I tell you now
the documentary is very graphic
everything he does is explained in great detail
very graphically this documentary is
impacting a lot of people and many
companies as well there are many
companies as a result of this documentary that
are stopping collaborating
with Michael Jackson's family okay
for example we have McDonald's who has
removed a statue that they have put up
in one of their shopping centers the
photo has also removed an episode of
the Simpsons in which Michael Jackson
makes a cameo or for example Louis Vuitton
who has removed from the market the
clothing line that he had paying tribute to the
artist and well I'm going to summarize what the
documentary what is told in
it but contrasting it with other
information that I have been looking for I want to
send greetings from here to the
subscribers who about a month and a half
ago proposed this topic to me okay what
happens is that I have not been able to cover it before
because it is very busy you know that there were a
lot of moose this month and so on I have seen that this
week a lot of
youtubers advanced because this this documentary
is giving a lot to talk about what happens is that it
is true that I have seen that you
are speaking without bad intentions but
a little from ignorance and
allowing yourself to be manipulated
by what the media is I am going to leave in the description all the sources from which I have taken information okay if you want to soak up much more okay because all of this is going to be much more extensive than what I am going to tell in this video in this video I am going to try to
capture the most essential okay and not to make it
so long I am going to make it as
brief as possible although in any case
I think that it is going to be a
rather long video and I ask you ok until the
end the documentary is based on the
narration of two men currently
around 40 years old who  in their day they suffered
sexual abuse by Michael Jackson
supposedly very supposedly the
first thing that draws attention is that
they sell the documentary as something relevant
like a bomb like something new when
these two gentlemen have been going through
all the
television sets for five years telling the same story
these two kids are weight and James
okay forgive me if I don't pronounce it
perfectly but I'm quite bad with
English grandpa
in a dance contest that the boy won
when he was five years old because the kid
is a machine in fact after the
Michael Jackson story well it hasn't
gone badly for him he has been the choreographer of
singers like Britney herself for something
quite tough and well the little one
won as a prize meeting Michael
Jackson who was his idol at that
time when he was very small and for
him it was a dream what he lived since the
governor dader friendship Michael with both him and
his parents and took them on
trips they went home to play apparently
according to the parents of the way they treated
Michael like a son one thing that
seems very strange to me about both one family
and the other is that they coincide in
tell what they take Michael
Jackson home to play with the
child he stayed there to sleep they
treated him like a son not that
Michael used to play with the children and that
's something that seems quite
strange to me because I don't know I'm a
person who loves
small children okay I do a lot with children I
always miss them taking great care but
to the point of getting together with a
family that I don't know and this afternoon in
the room with the child and not
only from Maikel's point of view no it
's also very strange on the part of the
parents no because
the king of Spain or David Bisbal or
the most famous person in the world could come to my house
with my daughter now what catches my
attention is that Michael was
apparently taking them on trips every moment
this is true because there are videos and
photos they prove it and according to what he says
Michael slept with those children in the
same double bed in a
room away from the parents
something that if you think about it as parents it does
n't make any sense there's no way to
take it it's not like what happens you don't care about
your child  whenever they are inviting you to
things Jenny's story is more or
less similar okay everything that
happens after meeting Michael
Jackson with the difference that James
was not good he was not especially a
staunch fan of Michael Jackson he was a child
in fact there were commercials and he participated
in the Pepsi commercial where he met
Michael with a Pepsi commercial by the
way very international
I remember perfectly health his day
and well the same not at first
Michael is getting into the house you
gain confidence until Michael
creates his Neverland ranch which is [ __ ] awesome
okay yeah we would really like to
have that it was a ranch that had
nothing to envy a Disneyland but
a little smaller a little smaller
and I don't believe much where he had
an amusement park
movie theaters swimming pools the [ __ ] is incredible and
according to what these people tell us well
Michael in the different rooms
because apparently there were rooms and
beds all over the ranch at the
train station at the movie theater everywhere had
sexual acts with children as I
told you at the beginning of the video does not talk about
rape talks about  a struggle but
it explains everything very graphically
apparently because touching oral sex yes
there is one thing that is obvious and that is that we have
always seen this in the
media and that is that Michael always
took on trips like a child and his
family no Michael had like a best
friend who took him to the concert and
things like that no and as he was growing up he was
replacing them the relationships of
some of the children were stepping on
each other okay they were like
parallel relationships what happens is that removing
everything the child and two others that I'm
going to talk to you about now all the others who
were in Neverland
completely deny everything that these people
are saying for example the famous
McCully Calqun who is also
related to Michael Jackson or
Aaron Carter who is the brother of my
letter this is precisely one of the
many things that the documentary is telling us
okay I'm going to comment on
each point but obviously in the
documentary they only tell you the bad things and they
also tell you in a way that they will
totally manipulate you and you will
believe it
pieces documentary telling you the story
of the children of  how they meet michael that
everything is a dream everything super
nice and also that part of the story
that is real what happens is that you fall
in love with those children okay you fall in love
with that family and also that part of the
story is totally proven that
that family had that relationship with
michael jackson so when they already
have you hooked and they already have all your
credibility is when the thing starts
but for example in the documentary they don't
add things like that macauley culkin has
been doing several
interviews lately in which he has said that it
is totally a lie that everything that is
told in that documentary is false
for example people talk about that
michael slept in a bed in the same
room and when they talk about that they don't
understand that michael jackson had one
room but two rooms with
hundreds of bathrooms with I don't know
how many beds what happens
things can be told in one way or
another and the meaning seems totally
different I have to admit that
when I saw the documentary I was
shocked I brought it with dad and I said damn there is
something here okay maybe one
hundred percent it's not real but there is something  the thing is
that a part of me has
become quite
skeptical lately and I don't trust the word of
almost anyone, much less when you don't have
both versions because it's very easy to
make a documentary
with only two testimonies in which
the other party is not responding okay we do
n't have both sides of the coin and there
is no proof okay there is
no irrefutable proof of all the
abuses that they are telling us the only thing
there are are photos in which yes well
that family has a relationship with Michael
Jackson but irrefutable proof as
such of what they are saying is no
way okay it is but no way and things
like this damage the image of a person
to such an extent that well
everyone always says the typical no when
the river sounds, water runs and in that
the truth is that I don't trust it because it doesn't have to
be that way it doesn't have to be
that way at all okay it could be that
one person or two people make
something up about you and you go to the media they start
spreading the rumor then the rumor when
you start telling it to another person, to
another person, to another person it
transforms you  much worse rumor
therefore that theory that when so many
people say it it's because it's true no that's
a fallacy in fact last night I was
asking my mother what she thought on
the subject whether she believed it or not and she told me
well when it's always been said
and when there are so many people who say it it's
because some truth they believe that there is
basically people and you can do the
test you can ask your
elders whatever and people
to believe one thing that if it's said
a lot it's for a reason when it shouldn't
be that way and what is
palpable proof is that Michael Jackson was
investigated but let's go the
investigation I believe the most expensive that there has ever
been in the world behind some
child abuse they spent 40 million
investigating it in 2005 and Michael Jackson
from the two trials was found innocent he was
completely not guilty of the more than
ten charges that he was accused of another
thing that calls my attention is
that in the entire complaint that attended to
Michael Jackson that have been of four
children okay or so that is that
everyone  He says what is rumored about
Qatar, it hasn't been four children, okay,
I'm talking to you about two and now I'm going to
talk to you about the other two, but in all
cases what is being asked for is money, in
none of the cases have they given
importance to the criminal process, okay, you
know that there is the criminal process and the
civil process, the civil process if you are
convicted it is with a fine and the criminal process
perhaps the convicted person pays with jail time and
none of the four complainants has
ever given importance or rush to the
criminal case, okay, it's all been asking for money,
as I just said, all these rumors
that have tarnished Michael Jackson's image so much, there
are
four children who have accused him
throughout this time, two in lives and
now these two in death, what will
you tell me, how do you want that
man to pay if you are already dead? When you
denounce someone it is because you want
justice to be done and that person to pay for
what he has done, but if he is already dead,
apart from the money that he is claiming,
because they are claiming like 2.5
billion or something like that, what do they want him to
pay? If it is not money, I mean, if the man
is already dead, how do you want
justice to be done?  that's justice for you, that they
pay you money with that you forget
the traumas I'm going to talk to you about the two
who accused him of abuse when he was older than
him in life okay one was in 2005 and the
other if I'm not mistaken was around 2009
success in both cases this while alive what was
asked of Michael was money,
as a father I like money a lot okay I wo
n't deny it okay and I love
money but as a father if you abuse
one of my children they could give me
many millions I would be very happy with the
money and all but my conscience would not
be at ease and I would not sleep in
peace until the guilty party paid and
when I say pay I know I want
revenge I want the worst
sentence in the world to fall okay it's no use to me
if you give me one million two million
ten million
I'm free out there apart from that
when he loses he's going to have to pay you
anyway I mean if you're sure that
what you're saying is true go down the line
the first case was a child
named Jordan well there's a
recording of the father  in which he tries to
blackmail Michael Jackson by telling him
that well, he should have made a very
large amount of money, because if not, it will
ruin his career and he will never sell
another album in his life,
Bikers.
And well, in this case, Michael Jackson's insurance company,
no, Michael Jackson,
his insurance company pays about 20-25
million dollars to this family and the
family is already dry and disappears, which I do
not understand why they pay him the 20
million in the concept of what, but it was the
insurance company that paid it and for me
this looks very bad, Michael Jackson, no,
because as much as you do not love Leo
and such, by paying, it seems
that you are not completely sure that
you are going to win, but more and many thanks to
the family, take the money and get off
the map and never say anything else, they did not
even continue the criminal process that
could have been followed perfectly well, I do
not understand asking for money, no, I do not
understand it, quite suspicious and
the other child, the other child was a
child who had cancer and Mickael,
well, he took him, very true,
Neverland was like  apart from being a
theme park in amusement park and
such ok like a Disneyland it was like a
treatment place for children ok he
took children with cancer
children who had problems
took care of them paid for their treatments
helped them with their careers
in fact as I'm telling you the
two children made the documentary have not
done badly at all and have had
super successful careers and well the parents of this
little boy who had cancer
decided to sue Michael Jackson
after the boy was cured ok
Michael Jackson paid for all the
treatment and curiously the mother was
asked that in the past she had had a
criminal record because she had gone on
television to ask 'good to raise
money for her son's treatment
when apparently the treatment was
paid for by her husband's insurance she had some
strange moves with the issue of
money scams misappropriation and there are many
contradictions in the statements
like for example the mother says these
good bacteria paid for a lot of trips to
both the family is like the other one is
not and one of the trips was to Brazil she
paid for a trip to Brazil  the relatives
with all expenses paid while
the child stayed in Neverland and the
mother says that Maikel kind of
kidnapped him since he put them on a plane and he
did it and maybe he was forced to but
nevertheless then the mother and well Brazil
talking to the people told her that she was
delighted with the trip and she could have
used a phone or something to
call for help and she didn't
use it however she did use a
phone to
shave her legs incredible and it
seems like a gang to me it seems very
shameless to me this seems like a gang of
scoundrels of course in the documentary what we
see the statement of James and the
way and it also talks about these two cases
of which Michael Dia was reported
are sexual abuse but it doesn't tell you
where these families come from what
background he had but so that you can see
the damage that a false accusation can cause
okay because even before this
documentary which this documentary barely came
out two months ago all this
time since the 90s the
shadow of pedophilia has always existed
behind Michael Jackson I mean
put yourselves in  the situation is always of
people and look at both sides of the
coin imagine that guy imagine
not that according to the law he has been found
innocent is that innocent senses despite
all the rumors there are well imagine an
innocent guy who in reality has not
done that in fact has been surrounded by
children and paid things with good
intentions because apparently he was very
generous according to what I was seeing out
there it seems that the guy was very
religious and believed that this was a way
to collaborate and feel good with the
world and well imagine that the guy
was a little crazy or not in fact he
starts to get a little won not be that of
throwing the child out of the balcony so that he fell
from slipping I you are like a dick
but he is not a pedophile no he has not committed
any abuse to anyone
imagine that guy so successful with
such a brilliant career that he has had that
suddenly at the end he leaves this
world with that burden and that fame that will go
down in history and not
only that but in life well all
the humiliation that he has gone through not because -
according to a documentary until they
were examining his body because
one  of the children gave a description of
their genitals then one thing that he
said on YouTube is that the description
matched and it is not completely false
according to reliable sources in the description
of the genitals it did not match with
the real exploration and she has been through an
incredible humiliation incredible and all
because people have wanted to get her
money well imagine what it must be like
for a person who happens to you and
that in reality you have not done it and he
what I am telling you this has damaged the
image of Michael Jackson also
some of his businesses which is good I do
not think I think that the Michael
Jackson family is going to die of hunger okay I do not
think this will affect him that
much but it is the image and the honor of
your family not that it will be damaged for
life well it is a big thing they are going to
consent in fact they have already denounced
HB ok who has the rights to the
documentary although if you are in Spain you
have to see it on Movistar plurals
because it was Movistar pulula that
bought the rights here in Spain
but what happens
the kids have not gone on to have  40
years now suddenly okay it hasn't been
from 7 to 13 to 40
in one go okay these kids have been
growing up denying the alleged abuses
of Michael Jackson they have woken up the one who
was Britney Spears' choreographer and Empty
provided is known in the
artistic world as a careful climber okay he has already
stabbed several artists
according to the documentary and
several artists have been appearing on his
instagram account everywhere getting wet and
apparently a climber is a careful climber
okay he goes for the fame he goes for the money no matter what the cost
if it turns out
almost like five years it starts to sound like there is going to
be a premiere of the Cirque du Soleil
with a tribute show to Michael
Jackson produced by the
Michael Jackson family itself and whale asks him for a job
to be the official choreographer in the
show what happens is that his request
is denied they offer him a job as a
dancer but as the official choreographer they
hire someone else and this feels very
bad for him it feels so bad that he has a
nervous breakdown his
economy is affected it is affected  his
health condition almost caused him to lose his house and on top of that he
also had problems with his wife
and out of the blue he
started appearing on
television sets telling stories on the television set
the police commissioner at the daily lunch came
after but first the
television sets telling that Michael Jackson
had abused him he had been
defending them all his life and now all of a
sudden he starts telling stories about the abuses
also very graphically as I'm
saying very graphically he put his
hand here and he put his penis here I
suck this he suck that so
here comes one of my biggest doubts and it's okay
okay that they abuse you when you
're little because you're innocent but
you during your 20s 30s twenty somethings
thirty somethings you haven't realized it has
n't occurred to you that Michael Jackson had
abused you because according to what he's saying it's that
he doesn't know realize that now he's
stopped to think and he's realized the thing
in keops since it was an abuse when
you have such explicit memories and
that really even before asking for a
job in the show once he was dead
Michael Jackson was worshipping him he was
worshipping him he went to the burial he went to the
funeral he went to everything after
this man started to
publicly denounce Michael Jackson he is also joined by James
the other kid it turns out that he
suddenly realizes that Michael
Jackson abused him when he was little here we
catch a tremendous contradiction and it
is that James' mother in it
we hear her say that when Michael
Jackson died she began to dance with
happiness celebrating that no
more children would suffer because there is a
contradiction because supposedly James
realized and fell into the realization that
Michael Jackson abused him now
five years ago when Michael Jackson
died he still hadn't realized
according to him another very powerful contradiction
in this interview where he recognizes well he
asks him if they knew each other as
children and they say no way they say
that they saw James in the Pepsi commercial
but that they hadn't known each other in person
when months later after the
premiere of Living for Real in the
interview with Oprah he says that yes they did
know each other as children friends you have to
taking the most
studied questions is that lies have
very short legs or for example that
James in one of the statements said
that one of the places where he had been
abused was in the bed that was in a
room in the train station in the
80s when this
train station was finished in 94
in fact James' cousin was
posting the tweets saying that what
Jason was saying did not fit
at all that it was a total lie
because he had been to Neverland
with his cousin on some occasion and for him
the story did not fit also in the
investigation they asked Jenny away
crossing emails agreeing
with what they were going to testify and right
email well they took things from the theories
that were rolling on the internet about
Michael Jackson so I say what
need is there for you to have to look up
what is being said on the internet
when you have lived your own
experience and you only have to
tell what you remember you do not have to
look things up on the internet to see what
matches for your story not only have they
lost the lawsuit but they have also
lost an appeal now in the summer of
this year apparently they have  another
chance okay you have one last
appeal that's why I imagine they've
released the documentary although I don't know if it will be
of much use because there are many
contradictions but well there is at
least they have made a lot of money with this
documentary and the acceptance of the people
because yes it is true that I have seen
on the internet that there are many people who
have fallen for Michael Jackson because
Sanz like the documentary but with chips
and it is that in the United States apparently it is
not illegal to defame a
person who is already dead and cannot
defend themselves so they can say
absolutely anything that comes to mind
okay they can say any
nonsense and get away with it
well it turns out that Waits
to make the documentary they hired
a well-known director who was
specialized in child abuse because he
emphasized this because this whether you like it or not is
important okay to make up a
story he also has very
short legs but the truth is that to make up
a story you also have to know
for example one thing for which I
while I was watching the documentary okay
before knowing all this with what I'm
saying now I ate it with chips
was because for example the
current form of Michael  Jackson with
all the children, okay, it was like he followed
a pattern, so that makes it more
believable, and this, among many details that I may
not have noticed, but it is
important that the director has
specialized in these subjects, for example,
the fast track that they show in the documentary
that Michael Jackson sent him, dude, no, it's
only in the documentary that
they show like three or four phases of the
way he tells it to you and from the
formality with which he reads it to you, it seems somewhat
shady because he says, dude, I love you
very much, my boy, I love you, and I made them a
little shady, he's not thirty-something, I
sent that to a little boy of 78
years old, but then I was
investigating and I found that
really, he didn't just send him that
fax, but that there was much more feasible, the
majority of it was for the
parents, not in the way of giving the child a kiss,
how is the child, tomato, he sent money
for his studies, I'll give you a gift, if there's
anything missing, ask me, I'm looking forward to seeing you, I'm
inviting you on a trip, and it was a
totally, totally normal and
even very generous, dear little one,
receive your fax, thank you  I'm learning how to
use my fax so we can
communicate directly little one no
matter what happens remember to
always practice and remember if you practice your
dreams will come true
chantelle i send you and the rest of the
family all my love little one i love you and i miss
you so much i will be riding my train
in april and i hope you come by me and
anything i can do to help i will do i
love you all so much stay happy i
love you all
michael jackson yesterday i felt like
walking the streets alone begging for
someone to talk to me the agony of my
loneliness really hurts sometimes i
want to see the little one shocking the
world when he comes rapping and dancing
better than any of the
american kids putting them all to shame i know
you can
every day learn to rap
completely like ice ice baby max hummer or
bobby braun this is important for
future projects with me all my love
michael jackson
you are an excellent dancer don't give up i
have your fax today i'm going to sleep
now i just wanted to let you know if you
need any financial assistance don't hesitate to
tell me i'm your friend you
are the best of the
child dancers keep going towards perfection
now  you are inspiring me to
improve love
mj hello chantelle I love you too
little one send another fax please I want you to
be the best I have high
hopes for your talent tell the little one to
read my messages every night
before bed to repeat 30 times
before bed I'm going to practice because
practicing makes me perfect make me happy
little one and be the best I love you
little one you are the best boy on planet
earth
you deserve the best in life to
rehearse
I would love for you to learn how to rap
out loud could you and today send me a fax
with bike prices you are a
great mother me and love mj you are
doing very well tonight and today
me and forgive me do you miss you let me know
where I can find Dave and I will talk
to him
yes I am very lonely I wish someone
was here I just need to know that
someone loves me and cares about me my
body is worn out and pressured from
work on my project but with
perseverance and prayer it will last
I want this to be my best work I
love you all so much
chantelle I love you because you are my
kind and sweet and today send a taxi
now  please
can you fax me the little one now
if you have received it and fax send me one
back
mj you
are my real friend forever god
gave the world a gift he gave us the
little one i am learning how to use the fax
so im not perfect at it yet
but i can wait for
you and your sisters to come visit i
love you mj
i'm fine yesterday was the american president's day holiday i
miss the little one and you little one thanks
for being my friend too
love always apple head hello joe when
you or wav want to call mj
hide and seek please ask for josu
brown and you will call me if you have any
problems call the office so
nothing gentlemen what i advise you from here
is that always when
you see things try to stop and
think try to have a more
open mind see both sides of the coin
try to come to a conclusion i'm not
telling you to trust one side or
that the other is worth a hundred percent
just try to listen to everything
empathize and always the
media is very very very
manipulative because surely the
majority  Of the people who have seen
this documentary, you have swallowed it
up and now when you are watching this
video, well, surely
some of the theories are falling apart and there weren't even any
and simply that if you like this video a
lot, then maybe there will be
another video with some more details but
basically it is what I always
heard and the two versions of things are
worth both sides of the coin that neither
the good ones are that good nor the bad ones
are that bad and well, I hope you
liked the video